---
title:  "Journal Club 81"
date: 2018-10-19 12:00:00 +0800
author: tanyh2018
categories: jc
---

<https://indico.ihep.ac.cn//event/8183/>

First,Suyu can't join this meeting, we scaned her slides about design and fabrication of an optimum peripheral region for low gain avalanche detectors briefly. Next, we saw other's questions and she answer.

Kai: 
  In the recent jc papers about low gain detectors, the value of gain ~10 appears very frequently. Is there any special reason for this value
of 10? Is it just a balanced value that neither too large nor too small to test the equipment. is the gain the lower the better?
Answer:
  No special reason. It depends on the signal-to-noise ratio. The moderate increase can lead to a notable improvement of the signalto-noise
ratio.

Ryuta:
  What kind of noise is expected for the high gain case by which the parallel noise becomes important, that is not the case for the "moderate" gain ? 
Answer:
  I think the conclusion coming from experimental results, but I don’t know the theory.

Xin: 
  In the end, why “The use of a different dielectric on top of the peripheral region with reduced or even negative charge density could enhance the
detector performance without using any additional P - type diffusion at the peripheral region.” ?

Yuhang: 
  Junction Termination Extension is a technique for increasing avalanche breakdown voltage and controlling surface electric fields in P-N junctions. But the extension of the shallow N+ diffusion does not provide a high breakdown voltage, the relationship between Junction Termination Extension and Deep N-type diffusion.
Answer:
  If you’re asking the what the relationship between them is, I would say that Junction Termination Extension is just a kind of technique for
us to get deep N-type diffusion. 

Finally,We saw Yuzhen's slides. She introduced Wire bonding test. The main content is commonest application、principle (test speed)、tool alignment、tool materials and pull test failure modes.
