---
title:  "Journal Club 85"
date: 2018-11-16 12:00:00 +0800
author: tanyh2018
categories: jc
---

<https://indico.ihep.ac.cn//event/8183/>

First,Suyu introduced Teambeam Studies with Silicon Strip Module Prototypes for the ATLAS-Detector towards the HL-LHC. The main content included Module Prototypes,Sensor and reference,Sensor and reference.Next, Suyu answered some questions.

Yuhang:In figure 1, what‘s the effect of the Cooling Box? The modules have been tested in operation with various temperatures, how to control
the temperature?
Answer:Control temperature by DCS(more details can be found in my special topic last Friday).

Amit:I didn't get the essence of adding the pixel sensor (FE-14) between the planes of telescope only at one side?
Answer:Used as reference plane

Ryuta:At the begining of Section 6., there is a statement of “In a first step, the noise of the modules at a charge deposition of 1.5fC has been
calculated using a responce curve(RC) measurement ...”
Answer:What is the meaning of this sentence ?

Xin:What’s the meaning of “Noise Occupancy” in this context? And its relation related with Vth (threshold) in Fig. 5 ?
Answer:1)Probability of having a hit on a strip caused by noise 2)With Vth going higher, noise & efficiency go lower.

Shan:In figure 5, what's the relationship between two vertical axes(efficiency and Noise Occupancy)?
Answer:With Vth going higher, noise & efficiency go lower

Next,Yuhang introduced Quantum sensors. The main content contained the principle of quantum sensors and atomic clocks. Finally, Suyu introduced the motivation about next JC paper.
