---
title:  "Journal Club 92"
date: 2019-01-04 12:00:00 +0800
author: tanyh2018
categories: jc
---

<https://indico.ihep.ac.cn//event/9242/>

First,Yuzhen introduced Wire Bonding on 2S Modules of the Phase-2 CMS Detector .Next,Yuzhen answered some questions.

Kai:on page 12, the author introduces the three phases of the welding. the temperature increase is mentioned in all the three phases. Does the
temperature increase being performed on purpose in order to keep the bond machine in a good working status, or , it is just some by-product in the process?
Anwser: Increase temperature to make the wire meld to fix onto the surface.

Amit:: On page- 50, The BPC-slope is defined in the way that slope below 45◦ is result in too low wire deformation values, which leads to an error stopping the machine. On the other side higher bond times should be preferred. Thus, BPC-slopes of the order 50◦ to 60◦ are reasonable setup values. In figure 3.41, it is clear that the slope is more than 45◦ . Why does the high wire deformation good and low wire deformation cause to stop the machine?

Kiuchi: : Is there any works (or ongoing plans) to develop tools, like simulation, that can predict the parameters within certain range ?
Anwser: don’t know very clearly. We use some experiential law and initial/default value when optimize the parameter.

Xin:In the summary (p79), it says “usually, the value of the touchdown force can be set to be the same as for the bond force”. What’s the
difference between these two forces?
Answer:The first connection point is made (picture 1) by moving down the bond wedge onto the bond surface and applying a well-defined force which in this thesis is called touchdown force (TDF) to achieve a pre-deformation. Then (picture 2) the US power is activated while a force is still applied to the wire. This force is called bond force (BF).

Yuhang:In fig3.1, how to tear off the wire?
Anwser close the clamp

Shan:Knowledge about the LHC and CMS. What determines the luminosity of a detector?
Answer:For my understanding, the luminosity is determined by the accelerator. Maybe some factors will affect the luminosity, such as types of particles, energy of particle, types of collider (circular of linear), cost of construction and technique of magnet et al.

Next,Kai introduce selected highlights on the previous BESIII Collaboration meeting. Finally,Amit introduced the motivation about next JC paper.
