---
title:  "Journal Club 105"
date: 2019-05-05 12:00:00 +0800
author: rkiuchi
categories: jc
---

<https://indico.ihep.ac.cn//event/9864/>

The JC-105 paper describes the topic of ttbar multi-differential cross sections
where data sets were recorded by the CMS experiment in pp collisions at sqrt(s)=13 TeV.


#### 1. Introduction.  
- ttbar is mainly created via gluon fusion at p-p collider, therefore, the information of 
cross section is deeply related to the PDF (parton distribution function) in the protons,
as well as the strength of its coupling.

- Top quark decays before the hadroniation, thanks to its heavy mass. However, calculating its 
mass from the decay products, originated from a W boson and a b quark, is only robust estimation. That is because the top quark has a color whereas the final hadrons are all 
color singlet.

- Question from Xin:  what does the "top quark pole mass" represent ? 
    
	- A. The definition of the pole mass is that the mass term in the propagator, where the renormalization is applied.

- There is lots of discussion on this pole mass, though. 
For example,  it is not easy as the QED to deduce higher order correction, 
because of the strong coupling.    


#### 2. CMS ( The Compact Muon Solenoid ) 
- At 15 meters high and 21 meters long, it really is quite **Compact** for all the detector
material it contains.

- It is designed to detect particles known as **Muons** very accurately.

- It has the most powerful **Solenoid** magnet ever made.

#### 3. Event Selection
- Signals consist of two jets originating from b quarks and two leptons originating from W bosons. 
e+e-, mu+mu-, e+mu- and e-mu+ combinations are allowed in this analysis.
The event reconstuction has been performed as normal. ( see the detail in the slide )

- The single variable distribusions, PT(t), y(t) (=rapidity of top), M(tt), and Njet are shown and 
compared with Monte Carlo simulation results. 

#### 4. Results: differetial cross section 
- Cross section is obtained using so-called "response matrix" which converts the experimental 
raw results into that for full phase space at parton level.
Then, the double-differential cross sections and triple-differential cross sections are deduced
and compared with MC expectations. Especially, the data exhibit softer PT distributions than
the theoretical predictions (MC). 

- Subsequently, simultanous fit results for PDF, the coupling constant (alpha), and the pole mass 
is shown at the end. 





  


