---
title:  "Journal Club 137"
date: 2020-03-13
author: tanyh2018
categories: jc
---

<https://doi.org/10.1016/j.nima.2018.04.051>

This paper describe the study of point- and cluster-defects in radiation-damaged silicon. This is the summary:
- A new method of analysing TSC (Thermally Stimulated Current) spectra was used to study the point - and cluster-defects in radiation-damaged silicon. The method based on the assuming: the ionisation energy, ğ¸ğ‘, depends on ğ‘“ğ‘¡ (the fraction of filled point defects in the cluster), which can be described as ğ¸ğ‘(ğ‘“ğ‘¡) = ğ¸0 âˆ’ ğ›¥ğ¸a. For point-defects VOğ‘–, the value of ğ›¥ğ¸ğ‘ is compatible with zero from fitting the TSC data. This confirms that VOğ‘– is a point defect, and also demonstrates the validity of the method for point defects. For cluster-defects,  to study the dependence of the cluster formation on electron energy, the data for ğ¸ğ‘’ = 3.5, 6, 15, and 27 MeV after annealing for 30 min at 80 â—¦C are analysed. A tendency towards a saturation of ğ›¥ğ¸ğ‘ is observed. after a rapid increase with electron energy. This is taken as evidence for cluster formation above a threshold. To study the annealing of the clusters, the data for the irradiation with 15 MeV electrons and the conditions as irradiated and after isochronal annealing for 30 min between ğ‘‡ğ‘ğ‘›ğ‘› = 80âˆ’ 280 â—¦C are analysed. This paper provides two models to explain the above phenomenon. The two models are first order model and diffusion model. Finally, the paper simulates the diffusion model and estimates the ğ‘‡ğ‘ğ‘›ğ‘› dependence of the diffusion parameters and of the spatial spread of the point defects in the cluster.



