---
title: "Journal Club 148"
date: 2022-11-14
author: xingchenli
categories: jc
---

## Effect of Very High-Fluence Proton Radiation on 6H-SiC Photoconductive Proton Detectors ##

In this work, the effect of very high-fluence
100 MeV proton radiation on the performance of 6H-SiC
photoconductive proton detectors is studied. The irradia-
tion fluence is up to $$1.6\times10^{17}cm^{−2}$$ and the degradation
process of the SiC detector is continuously monitored
for the first time. Before proton irradiation, the detector
shows a low dark current of ∼ $$0.8 nA/cm^{2}$$ at 1000 V
bias. As the irradiation fluence increases, the dark current
continuously drops, which should be caused by irradiation
damage induced carrier compensation defects. Meanwhile,
the output current of the SiC detector shows an exponential
decay behavior and tends to saturate at irradiation fluence
up to $$5\times10^{16}cm^{−2}$$. At the end of the very high fluence
irradiation test, the detector still exhibits ∼20% of its original
output current value, suggesting the excellent radiation
hardness of SiC for proton detection.

Manuscript received October 8, 2019; accepted October 16,
2019. Date of publication October 23, 2019; date of current ver-
sion November 27, 2019. This work was supported in part by
the National Key Research and Development Program of China
under Grant 2016YFB0400105 and in part by the Natural Science
Foundation of China under Grant 91850112. The review of this
letter was arranged by Editor O. Manasreh. (Corresponding authors:
Dong Zhou; Hai Lu.)
Q. Liu, D. Zhou, X. Cai, W. Xu, D. Chen, F . Ren, R. Zhang, Y . Zheng,
and H. Lu are with the Collaborative Innovation Center of Advanced
Microstructures, School of Electronic Science and Engineering, Nanjing
University , Nanjing 210093, China (e-mail: tiandongzhou@126.com;
hailu@nju.edu.cn).
M. Qi is with the School of Physics, Nanjing University , Nanjing 210093,
China.
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this letter are available
online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.
Digital Object Identifier 10.1109/LED.2019.2949174
