---
title: "Journal Club 146"
date: 2022-11-07
author: tokyosen
categories: jc
use_math: true
---

## Growth habits of SiC on two different types of substrates
First,growth on nonplanar substrates。The experimental conditions are as follows：
1.Growth method: gas phase crystalline method

2.Countertop groove: a method of etching by reactive ions. 1-10um wide, 2um deep

3.Original materials: SiH4 and C3H8 provide silicon and carbon sources, triethylaluminum for p-shaped doping ，Heterogeneous, N2 for n-shaped doping,

4.Growth conditions: 1620 degrees Celsius, reaction internal pressure 800 mbar
This paper studies the difference between the two crystal orientations and the growth layer under the two C/Si。The conclusion is as follows：

1.Parallel to the [1 ̄100] direction, for different C/Si, (C/Si=1.2 and C/Si=4), the top of the step can be fitted and grow slowly, when the ratio is high,
  hanging objects appear, and the hanging objects of 6H structure are more obvious than 4H.

2.Parallel to the [11 ̄20] direction, for different C/Si, (C/Si=1.2 and C/Si=4), they grow symmetrically and are not affected by deviation angles

Second,growth on planar substrates,The experimental conditions are as follows：
（N-shaped 4H-SiC substrate inclined toward [1120] and [1100].）
1.Table groove: using the method of reactive ion etching, etching 3um deep and 3-60um wide groove, after the groove is formed, Al+ is injected into the SiC lining
                at 1000 degrees Celsius, 0.3um thick, concentration $$5.5\times10^{14}cm^{−2}$$, no postimplantation annealing process.

2.Growth conditions: 1500 degrees Celsius, atmospheric pressure, chemical vapor deposition method

3.Raw material: SiH4C3H8 mixed gas, the carrier of the carrier gas is H2, using horizontal water-cooled reactor.

4.Gas ingress rate: SiH4: 0.15-0.30sccm,
                    C3H8:0.15-0.30sccm,H2:3.0slm

5.Growth time: 20-120min

The growth habit of n-shaped Sic homogeneous epitaxy without doping was studied under the condition of C/Si=2-4。The experimental conditions are as follows：
The SiC substrate is obliquely oriented to [1120], and the groove is parallel to [1120], which can be grown
There is a smooth surface and an epitaxial layer with high symmetry. The symmetry of the epitaxial layer perpendicular to the inclination direction is not high; 
High symmetry is shown parallel to this direction. And there is a triangle defect in the [1100] direction.

Further reading: 
“Structures, Electronic Properties, and Gas Permeability of 3D Pillared Silicon Carbide Nanostructures”,in,[Journal Article](https://doi.org/10.3390/nano12111869)
“SiC Migration Enhanced Embedded Epitaxial (ME3) Growth Technology”,in,[Journal Article](https://doi.org/10.4028/www.scientific.net/MSF.527-529.251)
